This guy is really depressed
Someone did make trouble here
But it's not your fault.
So don't mind.
As for this wedding anniversary dinner
Yuncheng is the hometown of Qingxue
So it's good to do it here
Just a few flies.
Been buzzing outside
That's a buzzkill.
Mr. Xiao said
He doesn't like flies.
If it weren't for today being a big day
Not easy to see
What a surprise
waste
I am so nested
Start today.
Your neighbor is famous in the cloud business district.
Any one of you here
I will work with him again in the future
That's against my wife
Why are my father and you friends?
You can't do that either
I think this disposal is still cleared.
Your neighbor should not only be famous in Yuncheng
More famous in the entire Rongguo business community
I don't think your neighbor is suitable for business
Go to the street to beg for food?
Forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, please die.
Oh, come on, master
If the handbrake is so big again
Pulled out his tongue
Principal, what the hell is going on today?
Please learn that today is our wedding anniversary banquet
Don't worry about anything.
Just imagine relaxing
Oops oops
My good son-in-law
Oh, dear.
Mom was wrong before, you didn't expect it?
You are so capable
Oh, dear.
Even the boss of Tenglong Group is so respectful to you
Haha, from now on...
You are the son-in-law of our Liu family, no
Dear son
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, hahaha.
Yeah, that's a good saying.
A son-in-law and half a child?
Daughter Xiao Chen
From now on, our house
Just live together
As for whether to return to the Liu family or not, it doesn't matter
Hahaha as long as you are there
The days of our family
It is not shameful to be ten times more beautiful than the Liu family